docs: Create Firebase analytics design document (#838)
platform-platform/monorepo: metrics/web/docs/features/firebase_analytics/01_firebase_analytics_design.md

# Firebase Analytics design

## Metrics application

### Domain layer

In the application domain layer, we should add an ability to log user activities. For this purpose, we should: 

1. Add the `logLogin` and `logPageView` methods to the `AnalyticsRepository`.
2. Implement the `LogLoginUseCase` and `LogPageViewUseCase` classes.
3. Add the needed parameter classes.

So, the domain layer should look like this:

> ![Domain layer diagram](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?cache=no&fmt=svg&src=https://github.com/platform-platform/monorepo/raw/firebase_analytics_design/metrics/web/docs/features/firebase_analytics/diagrams/firebase_analytics_domain_class.puml)

Reviewer: Would it be great to explain a bit about what is `PageName` class? Also, maybe it should be noted as a class in a class diagram because I think it won't be an enum, but it will be a class that has similar behavior to an enum?

### Data layer

> The `FirebaseAnalyticsRepository` of the data layer should implement new methods from the `AnalyticsRepository` interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `FirebaseAnalyticsRepository` of the data layer should implement methods from the `AnalyticsRepository` interface.
```
Does it make sense?

The following class diagram represents the classes of the data layer required for this feature: 

![Data layer diagram](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?cache=no&fmt=svg&src=https://github.com/platform-platform/monorepo/raw/firebase_analytics_design/metrics/web/docs/features/firebase_analytics/diagrams/firebase_analytics_data_class.puml)

### Presentation layer

> Once we've created a `domain` and `data` layers, it's time to create a `presentation` layer. This layer contains the `AnalyticsNotifier` - the class that logs analytics data such as user logins or page changes. Also, the `presentation` layer contains the `FirebaseAnalyticsObserver` responsible for providing a callback when the user changes the current page. To introduce this feature, we should follow the next steps: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we've created a `domain` and `data` layers, it's time to create a `presentation` layer. This layer contains the `AnalyticsNotifier` - the class used to log analytics data such as user login or page change. Also, the `presentation` layer contains the `FirebaseAnalyticsObserver` responsible for providing a callback when the user changes the current page. To introduce this feature, we should follow the next steps: 
```
